com/example/testevocaional/MainActivity.java
 com.example.testevocaional.MainActivity
com/example/testevocaional/resultado.java
 com.example.testevocaional.resultado
com/example/testevocaional/Escolhas.java
 com.example.testevocaional.Escolhas
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ContentCadastroBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ContentCadastroBinding
com/example/testevocaional/Usuario.java
 com.example.testevocaional.Usuario
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityResultadoBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityResultadoBinding
com/example/testevocaional/Cadastro.java
 com.example.testevocaional.Cadastro
 com.example.testevocaional.Cadastro$1
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityEscolhasBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityEscolhasBinding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityHistoricoBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityHistoricoBinding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityLp3Binding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityLp3Binding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityLp1Binding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityLp1Binding
com/example/testevocaional/Login.java
 com.example.testevocaional.Login
 com.example.testevocaional.Login$1
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityCadastroBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityCadastroBinding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityLp2Binding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityLp2Binding
com/example/testevocaional/Profissao.java
 com.example.testevocaional.Profissao
com/example/testevocaional/lp4.java
 com.example.testevocaional.lp4
com/example/testevocaional/historico.java
 com.example.testevocaional.historico
com/example/testevocaional/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.testevocaional.BuildConfig
com/example/testevocaional/databinding/ActivityLp4Binding.java
 com.example.testevocaional.databinding.ActivityLp4Binding
com/example/testevocaional/lp3.java
 com.example.testevocaional.lp3
com/example/testevocaional/lp2.java
 com.example.testevocaional.lp2
com/example/testevocaional/lp1.java
 com.example.testevocaional.lp1
